Add feature issue template (#200)
astro-projects/astro: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: feature
assignees: ''

---

> **Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please describe the feature you'd like to see**
A clear and concise description of what problem feature solves or what use-case it would enable.
e.g. "I really wish I could ...", "I'm sad that I can't..."
```

Author: @dimberman it may be worth making a PR for the `astronomer-providers` project, so our feature issue has similar descriptions - I had copied these paragraphs from there:
https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen, if possible with code examples.

> **Describe alternatives you've considered**
> A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Are there any alternatives to this feature?**
Is there another way we could solve this problem or enable this use-case?
```

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the feature request here.

**Acceptance Criteria**

> - [ ] All checks and tests in the CI pass

Reviewer 2: All checks and tests in the CI "should" pass

- [ ] Unit tests (90% code coverage or more, [once available](https://github.com/astro-projects/astro/issues/191))
- [ ] Integration tests (if the feature relates to a new database or external service)

> - [ ] Example DAG 

Author: @utkarsharma2 ! That's a great question, I don't know. Are there any features you think that shouldn't have example DAGs?

> - [ ] Example DAG 

Reviewer: @utkarsharma2 @tatiana I think an example DAG should be the default and someone would need a GOOD reason not to include one. There should either be a DAG explaining the new feature, or a DAG for reproducing the bug.

> - [ ] Docstrings for each of the methods and functions (including Example DAG on how it should be used)

Reviewer 2: Should we specify Sphinx syntax here? since going forward we will use it extensively for docs.

Author: Absolutely, @utkarsharma2 , do you recommend any particular references on the Sphinx syntax to add a link?

Author: I updated the description a bit, @utkarsharma2 , asking for the docstrings to be in `reStructuredText`, since developers could use different standards to write docstrings and autogenerate docs with Sphinx (including the Google Style Python format). Let me know if you'd like to detail it more.
